{/* PROMPT: Write a privacy policy page for the website <URL>. It must conform to www standards. The website is about having the right mindset for success. It must conform to GDPR policies. Ask me questions before you start writing the page. Do you understand? */}

# Privacy Policy

### 1. Introduction

Welcome to Turboship. Turboship ("us", "we", or "our") operates the following
service: [https://turboship.wladpaiva.xyz](https://turboship.wladpaiva.xyz/)
(hereinafter referred to as "Service"). This Privacy Policy governs your visit
to [https://turboship.wladpaiva.xyz](https://turboship.wladpaiva.xyz/), and it
explains how we collect, safeguard, and disclose information resulting from your
use of our Service. We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By
using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in
accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy,
the terms used have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service. Our Terms of
Service ("Terms") govern all use of our Service and, together with the Privacy
Policy, constitute your agreement with us ("agreement").

### 2. Definitions

SERVICE refers to the
[https://turboship.wladpaiva.xyz/](https://turboship.wladpaiva.xyz/) website
operated by Turboship. PERSONAL DATA refers to data about a living individual
who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information
either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

USAGE DATA refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use
of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the
duration of a page visit).

COOKIES are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

A DATA CONTROLLER is a natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or
in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner
in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this
Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.

DATA PROCESSORS (OR SERVICE PROVIDERS) are any natural or legal persons who
process the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of
various Service Providers to process your data more effectively.

A DATA SUBJECT is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.

THE USER is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data
Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.

### 3. Information Collection and Use

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to
provide and improve our Service to you.

### 4. Types of Data Collected

**Personal Data**

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally
identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal
Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

(a) Email address

(b) First name and last name

(c) Phone number

(d) Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City

(e) Cookies and Usage Data

We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or
promotional materials, and other information that may be of interest to you. You
may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by
emailing at [to@wladpaiva.xyz](mailto:to@wladpaiva.xyz).

**Usage Data**

We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our
Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device (“Usage
Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet
Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of
our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on
those pages, unique device identifiers, and other diagnostic data. When you
access the Service with a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information
such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP
address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile
Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers, and other diagnostic data.

**Tracking Cookies Data**

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our
Service and hold certain information.

Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous
unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on
your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags,
and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our
Service.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie
is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use
some portions of our Service.

**Examples of Cookies we use:**

(a) Session Cookies: We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.

(b) Preference Cookies: We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences
and various settings.

(c) Security Cookies: We use Security Cookies for security purposes.

(d) Advertising Cookies: Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with
advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.

### 5. Use of Data

Turboship uses the collected data for various purposes:

(a) To provide and maintain our Service;

(b) To notify you about changes to our Service;

(c) To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you
choose to do so;

(d) To provide customer support;

(e) To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our
Service;

(f) To monitor the usage of our Service;

(g) To detect, prevent, and address technical issues;

(h) To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;

(i) To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any
contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;

(j) To provide you with notices about your account and/or subscription,
including expiration and renewal notices, email instructions, etc.;

(k) To provide you with news, special offers, and general information about
other goods, services, and events which we offer that are similar to those that
you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to
receive such information;

(l) In any other way we may describe when you provide the information;

(m) For any other purpose with your consent.

### 6. Retention of Data

We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the
purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal
Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example,
if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve
disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. We will also retain
Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for
a shorter period, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to
improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain
this data for longer time periods.

### 7. Transfer of Data

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to – and
maintained on – computers located outside of your state, province, country or
other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from
those of your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and
choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data,
including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such
information represents your agreement to that transfer. Turboship will take all
the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and
in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data
will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate
controls in place including the security of your data and other personal
information.

### 8. Disclosure of Data

We may disclose personal information that we collect, or you provide:

(a) Disclosure for Law Enforcement. Under certain circumstances, we may be
required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in
response to valid requests by public authorities.

(b) Business Transaction. If we or our subsidiaries are involved in a merger,
acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred.

(c) Other cases. We may disclose your information also:

(i) to our subsidiaries and affiliates;

(ii) to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to
support our business;

(iii) with your consent in other cases;

### 9. Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Turboship's legal basis for
collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy
depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we
collect it.

Turboship may process your Personal Data because:

(a) We need to perform a contract with you; (b) You have given us permission to
do so; (c) The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden
by your rights; (d) For payment processing purposes; (e) To comply with the law.

### 10. Your Data Protection Rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data
protection rights. Turboship aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to
correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data. If you wish to
be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be
removed from our systems, please contact us at
[to@wladpaiva.xyz](mailto:to@wladpaiva.xyz).

In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

(a) The right to access, update, or delete the information we have on you; (b)
The right of rectification – you have the right to have your information
rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete; (c) The right to
object – you have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data;
(d) The right of restriction – you have the right to request that we restrict
the processing of your personal information; (e) The right to data portability –
you have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you
in a structured, machine-readable, and commonly used format; (f) The right to
withdraw consent – you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time
where we rely on your consent to process your personal information. Please note
that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
Please note, we may not be able to provide Service without some necessary data.

You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our
collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact
your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).

### 11. Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children"). We do not
knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age
of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has
provided us with Personal Data, please contact us at
[to@wladpaiva.xyz](mailto:to@wladpaiva.xyz). If we become aware that we have
collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent,
we will take steps to remove that information from our servers.

### 12. Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any
changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to
review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy
Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

### 13. Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email
at [to@wladpaiva.xyz](mailto:to@wladpaiva.xyz).

By using our Service, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this
Privacy Policy and agree to be bound by its terms. If you do not agree with the
terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Service.
