{/* PROMPT: Write a terms of service page for the website <URL>. It must conform to www standards. The website is about having the right mindset for success. It must conform to GDPR policies. Ask me questions before you start writing the page. Do you understand? */}

# Terms of Service

Last updated: January 29, 2024

### 1. Introduction

Welcome to Turboship! These Terms of Service ("Terms") govern your use of our
web pages located at
[https://turboship.wladpaiva.xyz](https://turboship.wladpaiva.xyz/) ("Service").
Our Privacy Policy also governs your use of our Service and explains how we
collect, safeguard, and disclose information that results from your use of our
web pages. Your agreement with us includes these Terms and our Privacy Policy
("Agreements"). You acknowledge that you have read and understood Agreements,
and agree to be bound by them. If you do not agree with (or cannot comply with)
Agreements, then you may not use the Service. These Terms apply to all visitors,
users, and others who wish to access or use the Service.

### 2. Communications

By creating an Account on our Service, you agree to subscribe to newsletters,
marketing or promotional materials, and other information we may send. However,
you may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by
following the unsubscribe link or by emailing us.

### 3. Purchases

If you wish to purchase any product or service made available through the
Service ("Purchase"), you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to
your Purchase, including your credit card number, the expiration date of your
credit card, your billing address, and your shipping information. You represent
and warrant that: (i) you have the legal right to use any credit card(s) or
other payment method(s) in connection with any Purchase; and that (ii) the
information you supply to us is true, correct, and complete. We may employ the
use of third-party services for the purpose of facilitating payment and the
completion of Purchases. By submitting your information, you grant us the right
to provide the information to these third parties subject to our Privacy Policy.

### 4. Contests, Sweepstakes, and Promotions

Any contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions (collectively, "Promotions") made
available through the Service may be governed by rules that are separate from
these Terms of Service. If you participate in any Promotions, please review the
applicable rules as well as our Privacy Policy. If the rules for a Promotion
conflict with these Terms of Service, the Promotion rules will apply.

### 5. Accounts

When you create an account with us, you guarantee that you are above the age of
18, and that the information you provide us is accurate, complete, and current
at all times. Inaccurate, incomplete, or obsolete information may result in the
immediate termination of your account on Service.

You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and
password, including but not limited to the restriction of access to your
computer and/or account. You agree to accept responsibility for any and all
activities or actions that occur under your account and/or password, whether
your password is with our Service or a third-party service. You must notify us
immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of
your account.

You may not use as a username the name of another person or entity or that is
not lawfully available for use, a name or trademark that is subject to any
rights of another person or entity other than you, without appropriate
authorization. You may not use as a username any name that is offensive, vulgar
or obscene.

We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit
content, or cancel orders in our sole discretion.

### 6. Subscriptions

Some parts of the Service are billed on a subscription basis
("Subscription(s)"). You will be billed in advance on a recurring and periodic
basis ("Billing Cycle"). Billing cycles are set either on a monthly or annual
basis, depending on the type of subscription plan you select when purchasing a
Subscription. At the end of each Billing Cycle, your Subscription will
automatically renew under the exact same conditions unless you cancel it or SEO
Bot AI cancels it. You may cancel your Subscription renewal either through your
online account management page or by contacting Turboship customer support team.

### 7. Free Usage

Turboship offers a free plan that includes one free article. With the free plan,
you can experience the usage of Turboship and have one article written for your
blog. There is no need to enter your billing information or worry about any
charges during this free usage period. If you wish to continue using Turboship
and access additional features, you can upgrade to a paid subscription plan.

### 8. Fee Changes

Turboship, in its sole discretion and at any time, may modify Subscription fees
for the Subscriptions. Any Subscription fee change will become effective at the
end of the then-current Billing Cycle. Turboship will provide you with a
reasonable prior notice of any change in Subscription fees to give you an
opportunity to terminate your Subscription before such change becomes effective.
Your continued use of the Service after the Subscription fee change comes into
effect constitutes your agreement to pay the modified Subscription fee amount.

### 9. Refunds

We issue refunds for Contracts within seven (7) days of the original purchase of
the Contract.

### 10. Content

Our Service allows you to post, link, store, share, and otherwise make available
certain information, text, graphics, videos, or other material ("Content"). You
are responsible for the Content that you post on or through the Service,
including its legality, reliability, and appropriateness.

By submitting and generating Content on or through the Service, you represent
and warrant that: (i) the Content is yours (you own it) and/or you have the
right to use it and the right to grant us the rights and license as provided in
these Terms, and (ii) the posting of your Content on or through the Service does
not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights,
or any other rights of any person or entity.

### 11. Links To Other Web Sites

Our Service may contain links to third party web sites or services that are not
owned or controlled by [Turboship.com](https://turboship.wladpaiva.xyz).

[Turboship.com](https://turboship.wladpaiva.xyz) has no cont rol over, and
assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any
third party web sites or services. We do not warrant the offerings of any of
these entities/individuals or their websites.

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT [TURBOSHIP.COM](https://turboship.wladpaiva.xyz)
SHALL NOT B E RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FOR ANY DAMAGE OR
LOSS CAUSED OR ALLEGED TO BE CAUSED BY OR IN CONNECTION WITH USE OF OR RELIANCE
ON ANY SUCH CONTENT, GOODS OR SERVICES AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH ANY SUCH THIRD
PARTY WEB SITES OR SERVICES.

WE STRONGLY ADVISE YOU TO READ THE TERMS OF SERVICE AND PRIVACY POLICIES OF ANY
THIRD PARTY WEB SITES OR SERVICES THAT YOU VISIT.

### 12. Intellectual Property

Service, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property
of [Turboship.com](https://turboship.wladpaiva.xyz) and its lic ensors. Service
is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of the United States and
foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection
with any product or service without the prior written consent of
[Turboship.com](https://turboship.wladpaiva.xyz).

### ‚Äç 13. Prohibited Uses

You agree not to use the Service in any way that violates any applicable
national or international law or regulation, exploits or harms minors, or
engages in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or
enjoyment of the Service. Additionally, you agree not to use any robot, spider,
or other automatic device, process, or means to access the Service for any
purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on the Service.
Furthermore, you agree to use the Service in accordance with the principle of
fair usage, where it is expected that all users will utilize the tool fairly and
without engaging in any form of cheating or dishonest practices.

### 14. Analytics

We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our
Service, such as Google Analytics.

### 15. Changes to Service

We reserve the right to withdraw or amend our Service, and any service or
material we provide via the Service, in our sole discretion without notice. We
will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Service is
unavailable at any time or for any period.

### 16. Amendments to Terms

We may amend Terms at any time by posting the amended terms on this site. It is
your responsibility to review these Terms periodically. Your continued use of
the Platform following the posting of revised Terms means that you accept and
agree to the changes. By continuing to access or use our Service after any
revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you
do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.

### 17. Limitation of Liability

In accordance with the law, you agree to hold us and our officers, directors,
employees, and agents harmless for any indirect, punitive, special, incidental,
or consequential damage, however it arises (including attorneys' fees and all
related costs and expenses of litigation and arbitration, or at trial or on
appeal, if any, whether or not litigation or arbitration is instituted), whether
in an action of contract, negligence, or other tortious action, or arising out
of or in connection with this Agreement, including without limitation any claim
for personal injury or property damage, arising from this Agreement and any
violation by you of any federal, state, or local laws, statutes, rules, or
regulations, even if the company has been previously advised of the possibility
of such damage. Except as prohibited by law, if there is liability found on the
part of the company, it will be limited to the amount paid for the products
and/or services, and under no circumstances will there be consequential or
punitive damages. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of
punitive, incidental, or consequential damages, so the prior limitation or
exclusion may not apply to you.

### 18. Termination

We may terminate or suspend your account and bar access to the Service
immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, for
any reason whatsoever and without limitation, including but not limited to a
breach of Terms. If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply
discontinue using the Service. All provisions of Terms which by their nature
should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without
limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and
limitations of liability.

### 19. Disclaimer Of Warranty

THESE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED BY COMPANY ON AN ‚ÄúAS IS‚Äù AND ‚ÄúAS AVAILABLE‚Äù BASIS.
COMPANY MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
AS TO THE OPERATION OF THEIR SERVICES, OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT OR MATERIALS
INCLUDED THEREIN. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THESE SERVICES, THEIR
CONTENT, AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED FROM US IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.

NEITHER COMPANY NOR ANY PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH COMPANY MAKES ANY WARRANTY OR
REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY,
ACCURACY, OR AVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING,
NEITHER COMPANY NOR ANYONE ASSOCIATED WITH COMPANY REPRESENTS OR WARRANTS THAT
THE SERVICES, THEIR CONTENT, OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE
SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE, OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS
WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT THE SERVICES OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE
FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR THAT THE SERVICES OR ANY SERVICES
OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE SERVICES WILL OTHERWISE MEET YOUR NEEDS OR
EXPECTATIONS.

COMPANY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED
UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

### 20. Governing Law

Governing Law These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the
laws of State of Delawere without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be
considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to
be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms
will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us
regarding our Service and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might
have had between us regarding Service.

### 21. Error Reporting and Feedback

You may provide us either directly at
[to@wladpaiva.xyz](mailto:to@wladpaiva.xyz) or via third party sites and tools
with information and feedback concerning errors, suggestions for improvements,
ideas, problems, complaints, and other matters related to our Service
(‚ÄúFeedback‚Äù).

You acknowledge and agree that:

(i) you shall not retain, acquire or assert any intellectual property right or
other right, title or interest in or to the Feedback;

(ii) Company may have development ideas similar to the Feedback;

(iii) Feedback does not contain confidential information or proprietary
information from you or any third party; and

(iv) Company is not under any obligation of confidentiality with respect to the
Feedback.

In the event the transfer of the ownership to the Feedback is not possible due
to applicable mandatory laws, you grant Company and its affiliates an exclusive,
transferable, irrevocable, free-of-charge, sub-licensable, unlimited and
perpetual right to use (including copy, modify, create derivative works,
publish, distribute and commercialize) Feedback in any manner and for any
purpose.

### 22. Acknowledgement

BY USING SERVICE OR OTHER SERVICES PROVIDED BY US, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE
READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THEM.

### 23. Contact Us

Please send your feedback, comments, requests for technical support: By email:
[to@wladpaiva.xyz](mailto:to@wladpaiva.xyz)
